A long time ago, in a very, very distant galaxy ...
In the previous section
Prepare the front works.
In 5 minutes we start the final attack on the rebels.
Yes, my lord. Let the power be with us!
Episode II: The Rebel Base
The Empire loses its strength, but it is one step away from the beginning of the final attack from its indestructible ship, the Death Star.
Meanwhile, on the planet Tatooine, the rebels manage to shorten the distance, and their leader prepares a heroic defense.
Ah, and you can be calm. Jar Jar Binks will not perform in this episode.
Win is impossible! The Empire's guns are too powerful!
Quecaaaa!
Míster, have you seen Quece?
Míster Jedi, those from the Death Star will attack us soon. What can we do?
I've told you this many times, it's impossible, I do not know what tactics to use ... And what do you think?
Are you talking to me?
You can not hear anything with these cocoons on your ears.
Yes, but it's nice to me, no?
Yes, of course.
Attention, they attack us!
Watch out, they're attacking us!
No, it's one of ours, always the same ... Disheartened or something?
Wow, but now he throws this X-Wing with a new turbo! The speed of light reaches a fraction of a second.
And what? When are we attacking the Death Star?
Leave it, it's impossible. Maybe if we attacked very, very, very early ...
Ah! Who do I want to cheat? They are invincible!
They are attacking us now! We can not do it!
We can not rest, we must fight míster.
Only one person can help us.
Maybe he can help us ...
You're right! Go look for him, he will give us a solution.
Come on, we're going to the ship. I have new subwoofers!
And I have a record of Estopa, which they recorded in the interstellar cafeteria!
Friends!
Let the force be with you!
Thank you, míster!
Let the night be in the pitcher? You're talking bullshit!
Help me shoot those dulls!
In the next episode ...
For the lean way of getting to know is ...
Jump on one leg.
Golden robot pat.
How do you feel?
Already? I'm a Jedi Master?
No, I wanted to laugh. Baaaah!
To be continued